# Choreo Interop

PathPlannerLib has the ability to follow trajectories generated by [Choreo](https://github.com/SleipnirGroup/Choreo).
These can either be followed as a single path, or used in auto routines created in the GUI.

> **Note**
>
> Choreo trajectories (.traj files) must be saved in the `deploy/choreo` directory. This will be done automatically
> starting with the kickoff release of Choreo, if you save your .chor file in project root (i.e. adjacent to
> `build.gradle` (C++/Java) or `robot.py` (Python).
>
{style="note"}

## Choreo Autos

No code changes are needed when using Choreo trajectories in auto modes created through the GUI.
See [Build an Auto](pplib-Build-an-Auto.md) for configuration and use of AutoBuilder/PathPlannerAuto.

## Load Choreo Trajectory as a PathPlannerPath

Choreo trajectories can be loaded as a `PathPlannerPath` similarly to how normal paths are created. Instead of using
the `fromPathFile` method, use `fromChoreoTrajectory` with the name of the Choreo trajectory to load (without
directories or the .traj extension).

See [Follow a Single Path](pplib-Follow-a-Single-Path.md) for how to create a path following command to follow the
loaded trajectory.

> **Warning**
>
> Due to the pre-generated nature of Choreo trajectories, they do not support regenerating the trajectory to match the
> actual starting state of the robot (linear velocity / rotation). Extra care should be taken to ensure that the state of
> the robot closely matches the expected starting state of Choreo trajectories.
>
{style="warning"}

<tabs group="pplib-language">
<tab title="Java" group-key="java">

```Java
// Load a Choreo trajectory as a PathPlannerPath
PathPlannerPath exampleChoreoTraj = PathPlannerPath.fromChoreoTrajectory("Example Choreo Traj");
```

</tab>
<tab title="C++" group-key="cpp">

```C++
#incluce <pathplanner/lib/path/PathPlannerPath.h>

using namespace pathplanner;

// Load a Choreo trajectory as a PathPlannerPath
PathPlannerPath exampleChoreoTraj = PathPlannerPath::fromChoreoTrajectory("Example Choreo Traj");
```

</tab>
<tab title="Python" group-key="python">

```Python
from pathplannerlib.path import PathPlannerPath

# Load a Choreo trajectory as a PathPlannerPath
exampleChoreoTraj = PathPlannerPath.fromChoreoTrajectory('Example Choreo Traj')
```

</tab>
</tabs>
